It's the source code.
Today is Sunday August 22nd
I'm at Curry another source code
Belgium from Curry Castle where
looks like, oh,
with any luck we maybe saw it in
place pretty soon.
Belgium came back on Friday to
for the second time when it
back Monday morning
tomorrow at 11 a.m. so that's
encouraging.
For today I just want to talk
a couple things.
Hold on a second, Mike.
My preferred is...
Am I even...
Nah, hey.
Let me see if I can switch this
the fly.
You
So my internal mic on my laptop
be a great attribute to Apple if
can do this on the
fly.
Let's see.
One, two.
Yeah.
It worked.
Okay.
Well, continuing to record.
That sounds a hell of a lot
Lots of people are asking me
the source code, where the name
from source code
and they obviously didn't catch
very first episode.
source code is pretty much what
would sound to be.
It's what's behind the program.
If you look at my web log is
here's all the thoughts that are
from my
brain that I actually get onto
web, get published.
The thoughts behind that is the
code.
And so every day I just talk
whatever's going on and what I'm
about and what's
happening.
And most of what I've talked
is probably linked to on that
or the previous day's
page.
So this is just the brain dump.
It's usually about 10 to 15
long and I try to do it every
day.
Doug Kay from IT Conversations
you can find at
left a note on
my web log. He wanted to know if
ipotter software, if that script
going to support
AAC files which is Apple's
and DRM technology for audio
And
yeah, the answer is of course it
And the best part is that AAC
indeed have
a bookmark. So if you go to a
track on your ipotter and iTunes
your MPD player
in general, when you go back to
it should pick up where you left
But yeah, you know,
there's a lot to do. How about
for Adam files and do Adam files
have
enclosures? I'm sure that they
But that's, you know, that's
to be a whole nother
trick to figure out how to
that. And quite frankly, I'm
that someone picks
up and starts doing about
better iPod or in a cross
platform or scripting language
takes over. But
until then, I'll continue
Doug K. Vit conversations. One
the shows that's
on there is Gilmore Gang. And I
listening to last Friday's
This is hosted by
Steve Gilmore. He writes for,
a contributing editor for ZDNet
they have a set number
of panelists and besides regular
swirls, Dave Sifri of Technorati
also on the panel
I guess as a member of the
Gang. And the guest was Tuntec,
from Technorati.
Now, you know, I was listening
the show or I was thinking
I have Technorati
links on my web log but I get as
as I can tell I have.
I guess zero benefit out of it.
There's never a paying to it.
There's never an updated
link,
or very, very rarely.
So I'm not quite sure what it
I understand what they're
about,
but so I'm just kind of
away, surfing a bit.
And then I heard Steve Gilmore
something interesting.
And he started talking about
he called
the iPod platform, like whoa,
on.
That sounds like something that
been talking about.
The iPod platform.
iPod as a platform, a way to
information,
not just music or MP3s, but it
be a lot more.
Like the Gilmore gang, for
and like this show, Source Code.
So of course now I feel more
ever,
like we're on to something here.
And I wanna just play a little
of that part
of Steve Gilmore talking about
what he calls the iPod platform.
And it's about three minutes.
just have a listen person.
That TANTech mentioned was the
kinds of data types.
Video, audio, this program, for
is achieving a very, very
audience
in the download market, in the
platform, as I've called it.
As new programs come online,
Weiner does his morning coffee
Adam Curry has got a terrific
program called Source Code, I
And, Hallie Sude, I believe, has
program that she started on IT
Doug can fill us in on that.
So, you know, as this kind of
starts to proliferate, it seems
we're going to have
a similar problem, which is
the time to consume the best of
information.
as it populates the network.
So, does attention have a role
this space?
I think this is not a fact.
I think it's important to
that sometimes it's better to
to solve a simple problem
and try to do a really good job
it and get lots of feedback and
and then
try to grow certainly the scope
what you're working on if it
sense, if it can make
sense to include other data
other media types.
What we are involved in sort of
about, you know, up to this
has been
sort of onslaught of text that
been subject to because of the
and that
we feel an almost urgency to all
up with.
We kind of feel left out if we
know exactly what everyone's
about everything.
And that's the first approach is
try to at least triage that to
manageable.
But you're absolutely right,
It's not like the flood is over
we've solved that problem.
New media types are showing up
and more just like blogs that
it easy to publish
text on the web.
The audio blogs and other tools
developing.
to publish other media types,
photos, etc.
and share them.
And then the question is, well,
do I pay attention to what's
interesting there?
And so absolutely, I think that
trying to keep multiple media
or media type independence in
from the beginning.
I mean, to me, this is a very
characteristic to the T-Vo
I used that as a Kleenex type
name rather than specific
It's T-Vo for the web.
And as the web and multiple
crisscross and sort of converge,
we're seeing companies like SBC
the paper yesterday.
SBC and just network are moving
movies on demand.
They're keeping it fairly scoped
the traditional content
the movie studios and the
record companies.
But once the door is opened, I
that we'll see a lot of direct
web or direct from
web content starting to emerge.
And the characteristics of
who are consuming that media, if
are recorded
and transmitted to the attention
using attention.xml, that
allows for
the implicit metadata of how
consume this information to be
returned to the
group of people that are
in.
You know, maybe there are 100
who have already listened to the
open source or
source code broadcast.
and say that it's the best one
the way that they've listened to
in terms of what they've done
other input systems
on the computer during that
of time. In other words, nothing
be an indication
that this is a useful program
they've listened to from
to end without
stopping or doing much else
perhaps clicking on the website,
website for
more information.
Okay, so a couple extra
things there that Steve was
I guess they're
talking about some attention,
present server or something in
middle. That's
probably what Technorati is
to be is where, oh, there's a
bunch of stuff
that you should be looking at.
here to go check it out. But it
good.
I don't know if it's really
or, you know, but it actually
a little bit
ahead of where we're at right
where we still have to figure
how to get two different
types of feeds, RSS and Adam to
together. You know, we're still
on the aggregator
And then what Steve was talking
TBO for the web, I totally agree
that.
That's where aggregators are
to get a lot smarter and
more specific doing
certain tasks and hopefully
also have the big mother of all
that'll
do everything for you when you
it as you like it and spit it
in multiple play
out systems.
Um
what the end of the day was
about how people would be
to a program
for instance like source code
what you're doing while
to it. I'm interested
if you want to leave a comment
do. Do you listen to the whole
from beginning
to end? Do you do anything else?
you reading, surfing, checking
Are you walking?
Are you in the car? I'd love to
where you listen to the program.
And of course something I'd love
enhance this show is the ability
somehow embed
links. I'm not quite sure how
would work. It may not. Right
as D point out you've
listened to the the audio blog
and if you want more information
go do my web
blog. And let's see I want to
about oh Patricia, she of course
wonders what
I'm doing here in the bar with
door closed and I told her about
code and she listened
She always thinks quite
and said,
well, so how do you plan to make
on this?
Or I said, no, no, that's not
point.
And though I'm gonna be able to
her
how I see that working and why
you have to charge
for something just because I get
in other media
to use my voice in exactly the
way,
that's kind of inexplicable.
But one thing you could do, of
is,
well, if we have enough of the
people listening,
could always embed commercials.
And, gee, we could do all kinds
interesting commercials.
Here's one that I pulled out of
iTunes
that reminds you just how far
come in advertising.
♪♪♪
♪♪
I'm very much self-believant.
I'm just glad I'm on my gun.
Take a head, please.
Hehe.
Winston takes good, like a
Um...
One more plea for software to do
type of program with.
Um, I've been given so many
and I even tried megasag
And no one really just has it.
I posted about this before, I
the interface and really what
be absolutely perfect is it.
If I could just record whatever
out of the speakers, including a
signal.
Um, because then I could just be
quick time movies or MPEGs or
and whatever player I wanted.
I could have playlists and a
that does playlists.
Well, it seems like it can be
It has, it must be possible.
You can just get to the core
driver or something like that.
Um, in order to, um, add to
all of the audio.
And, um, audio hijack, although
can record multiple...
multiple applications and a mic
at the same time it writes them
all
different files so it's just not
know I really need a DJ mixing
that
will write a mix directly to mp3
and and enables you to set up a
of
hotkeys to trigger off preset
you should be able to drag stuff
a
playlist on the fly if you want
you're talking and and the mic
has to
be able to mix it and some
of the mic channel would be nice
well
okay song of the day beautiful
here in Belgium it's nice and
and I
figured we got to play something
everybody can sing along to
this is one of those songs the
I could have had a place to live
Oh, I know I saw her
I was there
You'll see who got me
That I could see
Every part of love
I've fallen out of her
She wouldn't have had
With another
One
I saw her
And then
She wouldn't have had
Had all my heart
And all my heart
♪ I'm a monster and I'm a
♪
♪ And I'm a monster and I'm a
♪ These are my dreams and we
each other today ♪
♪ I'm a partner, I'm still in
with her ♪
♪ I'll never dance with another
♪ And I'll always have ♪
♪ I'm a monster and I'll always
♪
♪ I'm a monster and I'm still in
with her ♪
And I'm home with my fast-dabbed
And I'm out here in my ear.
I'll go home with you tonight
we'll have each other tight And
be parking on past the middle of
year.
I'll never dance without my love
my soul stands there.
It was in the house of the world
there.
I thought I was standing there
Beatles on source code for
And I just wanted to wind up
report with some work I did last
on this pinnacle show server
I blogged about and I've spoken
earlier in source code reports.
Now, what this turn... well,
it is, it's kind of a DVD-like
That's the slimline thing.
You put on top of DVD player and
basically plug a Wi-Fi card in
back which comes which is
with.
And then you hook it up to your
you have hooked it up to our big
view screen.
And then you start a server with
special software that only runs
Windows.
And then you can scan your
get all kinds of media, you set
a watch folder, drop stuff in,
added to the library.
And what you do is you log into
system on your television with
remote and it gives you an
of your library and it plays
in order for you and it's
stuff.
And I thought this was some
sophisticated stuff until Yerun
on the comments on my web blog
me to an open source.
a source version of a server and
turns out that this box is
no more than just a web browser
media players, which is a pretty
idea.
They really should promote that
so more people would be making
management systems and servers
for this.
They seem to be using all open
so that's fine, maybe a couple
extra bits there to get the new
light working on the front if
new is added.
In fact, I built a little
on my powerbook and connected to
from the system and linked to an
file and it played.
Then I started digging a little
into the windows, not to the
really into the directory and it
out that's a web server running
PHP scripts.
So, interesting. And if anyone
any ideas out there for a media
box that I might be able to
to, if you connect to it with a
browser,
essentially you can do it with
thing. You know let me know
it. And
finally I'm looking for more RSS
with audio enclosures. You know
I
work on the next beta release of
I need more content coming in
to be
able to test in a real-world
You know my own stuff comes back
me.
Dave's on the road right now
not updating very frequently.
some
other audio blogs that have no
feed or most of them though.
maybe one of
the big services has an
feed that I'm not aware of yet.
please let
me know. It's Adam at Curry.com
my web log is at live
I'd love to hear from you and
for listening if you caught this
iPodter or through another news
Thank you very much for
subscribing and we'll talk to
tomorrow.
The power of the entire planet.
The power of the planet.